# Which Taylor Swift Album Best Describes You? 

## Purpose: 
You answer fifteen questions, and we tell you which of Taylor Swift's nine albums encapsulates your personality best! 

## Description: 
We collectively decided to use the knowledge we learned at the web development workshop to build a quiz using HTML. When constructing it, we decided to make three categories of Taylor's nine albums. For each question, the answer choices are worth a certain amount of points from one to three. Once the user completes the quiz, the number of points is calculated by our code and the user is placed into one of those three categories, each of which contain three albums. We included a random generator for choosing which album of the three in the category is given to the user. 

## Concepts used (what, how, and why?): 
We used many different concepts including , CSS, JPG images, HTML files, app routes, randint, if/else statements, and functions. We used CSS to build a JPG background on our website instead of the plain white screen, and to hold our questions in a more aesthetic way. Using CSS, we centered our text on every page and provided a multi-colored border that made the text more visible. The HTML code was most important to the functionality of our website, so we focused most heavily on first inputting our questions into HTML code, and then we implemented app routes to allow us to make a new page for each question, and then move between pages by providing links for the user. Randint, if/else statements, and functions were implemented in our helper codes, and formed the basis of our point allocation and album decision. 

## Challenges overcome/New concepts learned: 
Using HTML and other web development tools like CSS were completely new to the both of us. We had no interactions with it prior to the HACK110 event and workshops. Other concepts more general to programming, such as if/else statements, randint, and functions, we pulled from our experience in COMP110. Most of our web development occurred at the event, including the HTML question writing and function writing. We finished the randint, point allocation and CSS styling features in the weeks following the event. 

We encountered several challenges in our efforts, even at the event. The information was new to us, but we worked on emulating the examples provided to us and then tailoring it to our goals. During development at HACK110, we realized that each of the questions had to be on their own HTML file because putting them all on one page made it difficult to navigate through app routes. We then had to heavily edit our app routes. At one point in the event, Amina's laptop completely crashed, and she was able to send the code portions she'd worked on to me. However, when I copied and pasted it, space errors popped up that we had to slowly work through. We were able to get past the hurdle with the help of the TAs. The major challenge of the portion was getting the results to compute properly. To overcome this challenge, we visited office hours and found that the problem lied in our functions: our all_results function was calling our category functions wrong, and we found that our result app route was calling the wrong page, so it wasn't computing the points correctly. The last big challenge we faced was our CSS design. We used the CSS style example given on the HACK110 webdev tutorial page, and then played around with it to see what each component was responsible for. Through trial-and-error and much googling, we were able to put up our desired background and utilize color and borders. Centering has remained an issue (it is just too slightly to the right), but the office hours TAs were a great help in positioning the textbox. 

## Team members and contributions of each member: 
Amina Cebo and Sierra Lewis are the two team members responsible for this quiz. Amina came up with the idea of coding a quiz, and Sierra came up with the topic of a Taylor Swift album personality quiz. Sierra wrote the questions while Amina wrote the answer choices, and both decided on which albums would go into which categories. When it came to actually coding, Sierra input the questions and answer choices into HTML files, and Amina wrote the helpers.py file. We both worked on the app route. When Amina's laptop died, the work was done on Sierra's laptop, and we took turns typing, although we both paid attention to the work being done and kept an eye out for errors when we weren't typing. We stopped while we were writing the randint functions due to the HACK110 being over, and after that Sierra went to office hours twice for the point functions and CSS styling. Amina and Sierra worked on CSS styling. Sierra put up the JPG image background, initial border, and highlighted text, and Amina set the colors and size of the border and text. They both worked on centering it. 

## Goals achieved: 
As far as our goal and actual implementation, we achieved everything that we wanted to. Putting the questions on their own individual pages improved both functionality and design. The questions were fun to write, and the number of albums made it easier to organize into categories. We had anticipated randint being helpful in our implementation, and it worked as we hoped it would. The only thing we couldn't figure out was how to use buttons instead of links. We visited office hours, but in the end, the solution we developed with the TAs only worked for a minimal number of the questions. In all, most of our goals were achieved, including the JPG background and the colorful border enclosing plain text. We tried to incorporate as many typical Taylor Swift characteristics as possible, from the red border to the "Evermore"-esque font of the questions. 

## Goals outstanding/future work: 
Moving forward, it is our goal to be able to send this quiz to our friends and family. Now that we know how to use basic HTML and CSS, we may also be able to create additional web pages that tackle different goals and purposes. Though neither of us are CS majors or minors, our first foray into programming was as fun as it was exhausting, and we thoroughly enjoy having something to call our own. It is likely we will continue to apply what we learned at HACK110 and in COMP110 in our real lives, even if we don't have TAs to catch us when we fall. 

## Note to the COMP110 Team: 
Thank you for giving us this opportunity, and setting up HACK110! It is one of our favorite memories of this semester :)